Parse email files time out (#16186)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_6_6.md

#### Scripts
##### ParseEmailFiles

> - Fixed an issue where the encoding of an attachment name was mishandled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the encoding of an attachment name was not handled properly.
```
